[DOCS-XXXXX] Rename Bits Assistant to Bits AI Assistant and update page (#36979)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/bits_assistant.md

  text: "Coordinate incidents with Incident AI"
- link: "/cloud_cost_management/cloud_cost_skill/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Cloud Cost Skill in Bits AI Assistant"
aliases:
- /bits_ai/getting_started/
- /bits_ai/chat_with_bits_ai
---

## Overview
Bits AI Assistant is an AI-powered companion in Datadog that helps you search and act across Datadog using natural language. Bits AI Assistant is available across the web application, mobile app, and Slack.

Ask Bits AI Assistant questions across these categories:

### Investigate issues and remediate
- `Summarize high severity incidents that have occurred in the last day`
- `What's causing 400 errors on the checkout endpoint in the last hour?`

> - `Why is the error rate spiking on the web-store service?`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Why is the error rate spiking on the webstore service?`
```

  text: "Coordinate incidents with Incident AI"
- link: "/cloud_cost_management/cloud_cost_skill/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Cloud Cost Skill in Bits AI Assistant"
- link: "/bits_ai/ai_credits/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "AI Credits"
aliases:
- /bits_ai/getting_started/
- /bits_ai/chat_with_bits_ai
---

## Overview
Bits AI Assistant is an AI-powered companion in Datadog that helps you search and act across Datadog using natural language. Bits AI Assistant is available across the web application, mobile app, and Slack.

Ask Bits AI Assistant questions across these categories:

> #### Investigate issues and remediate

Author: @datadog fix this
